many people have a different take on how college differs from high school
but by and large the thing I've served both in my own experience
and the experience of my daughters is they went through that transition
is high school generally allows you get by just by learning things
and giving them back to the instructor kind of rote recitation of
what you've already been taught writes colleges much more likely to
get somebody's saying to you stop you have to think about this by
yourself and you have to give me some original fought about how it all
fits together and how it can be used so high school he is challenging
to some degree but colleges where you really need to start thinking
through programs and policies